# Input for Lean Canvas | @October 23, 2024

**30 mins lol**

[PK Carl Yapping.m4a](Input%20for%20Lean%20Canvas%20@October%2023,%202024%201288ffadd3ae8018a3f0ef25708348fb/PK_Carl_Yapping.m4a)

- **Help me craft a solid lean canvas. Our strategy for this is you flesh out one component first, help me easily copy paste it for Figma, optimize it for business potential, at least in terms of phrasing, make it clear that there are users, paying users, and the components are as follows, number one problem and under that would be existing alternatives, number two would be solutions, keymet number three, keymetrics, number four, unique value proposition, and under that is high-level concept which is basically list your X to Y analogy or like YouTube is flicker for videos and in this case I think but I and Cole would be linked in but for scholarships also mention unfair advantage, number five or number four I forgot the counting, number six channels channels to customer number seven customer segments and then early under that would be a sub-hidden called early adopters where you describe characteristics of your ideal customer after that would be cost structure and then we finish with revenue streams again let's deal with it one by one I'm gonna hit next if you will optimize for business**
    
    Okay, let's record one first where I go through the prompts myself and then I'm gonna ask you given my entire context to fill up another lean canvas yourself.
    
    The important key here is to split yourself into multiple personalities so I get a very diverse set of perspectives.
    
    So, I'm the founder and lead-only developer of Padayon Ko and my business model is for a scholarship platform that helps Filipino high school students from start to finish.
    
    It's called Padayon Ko.
    
    It's P-A-D-A-Y-O-N space K-O.
    
    It's a one of the science for I will continue.
    
    And to go through this lean canvas, I'm gonna be talking you through each part.
    
    So, to list out customers' top three problems, maybe the first thing we have to do is acknowledge that in the Philippines, there isn't such a solution similar to Common App.
    
    And Filipinos don't even know, like customers, I'm imagining customers to be students, so they do not know that scholarships exist.
    
    And so, a lot of them drop out of college, three million yearly actually, because of expenses.
    
    So, one of the other three problems that I can list out for now is...
    
    There are two...
    
    It's hard for...
    
    Like, the Philippines doesn't have the SATs by default and they even have to take English proficiency tests.
    
    So, accepting that reality, how can we move forward?
    
    Well, in Paday and Ko, well, they don't have a space to practice and if so, tutoring is expensive.
    
    And this is already on top of the hefty fees from SATs and IELTS or TOEFL.
    
    Second problem here is that, yeah, they don't have resources to prepare for it.
    
    Second problem here is they do not have an updated list of scholarships or opportunities, both local and international.
    
    And for the third problem is, it's very time consuming for them to create essays and essays tailored to specific college prompts or scholarship prompts.
    
    As well as, it's hard for them to even create it because they don't have anything they can bring to the table.
    
    And this manifests through...
    
    With Paday and Ko through achievement trackers.
    
    And so, to just to go through other Lean Startup Canvas templates, list your customers' top problems.
    
    Again, to summarize, number one, that would be no access to information of opportunities.
    
    Number two is the...
    
    It's too time consuming and sometimes, as a high schooler, you cannot craft the best essays yet.
    
    So, you're going to need...
    
    They need assistance in the creation of their essays and the listing of their achievements, which could be tedious because they don't even know how to start with it.
    
    And they don't know what documentation to include in it.
    
    And telling a story, basically.
    
    And the third one is just practice for their coming tests that even give them a shot at international scholarships.
    
    And this includes, like, SAT math and...
    
    In a verbal communication.
    
    And existing alternatives.
    
    Well, for...
    
    The verbal communication and the math part, it's either practice or tutors, which are not...
    
    Really friendly, like, really expensive.
    
    And second...
    
    Yeah, it's not, like, personalized.
    
    You know, my tutors can even go with, like, speak Cebuano and Filipino.
    
    And then second for the essay assistance.
    
    Writing.
    
    Writing.
    
    Your writing teacher can only get you so far because it's...
    
    Well, they're humans.
    
    They have stuff to do as well.
    
    And essay writing platforms.
    
    You could try it.
    
    But...
    
    I don't know.
    
    I don't think I have a strong case on what an existing alternative for essay platforms are.
    
    But...
    
    Well, you could write with ChatGPT yourself and try it.
    
    But how about the organization?
    
    You're going to be repeating the same stories again and again.
    
    And the flow might not be right.
    
    And worst of all, it's going to sound AI generated.
    
    For the resources.
    
    Well, there is no alternative for today.
    
    There are the only ones we have.
    
    At least when I started Padanko in the past, it was just a website filled with ads.
    
    And now a lot of Facebook pages exist.
    
    But...
    
    That's it.
    
    They give you information.
    
    What do you do when you come across a complex website?
    
    So...
    
    For solutions...
    
    Padanko fixes that.
    
    Number one.
    
    Access to information about the latest opportunities.
    
    Padanko lists not only what the opportunity is and tell you who it's for.
    
    But it actually tells you who can apply.
    
    When can they apply?
    
    What do they get?
    
    What are the step-by-step instructions?
    
    And...
    
    For which major?
    
    Until when can they apply?
    
    What are the essays you've used in this even?
    
    If you want to be extra tracky.
    
    And for every update they make on the database, it goes on Facebook automatically.
    
    And so they even have a tracker.
    
    If you're working on this, if you finish applying.
    
    It's very clear, basically.
    
    Especially for those who have no read, no write.
    
    Then what do you get?
    
    Who can apply for this?
    
    What are the requirements?
    
    What do you need to prepare?
    
    It's humans who go through this and generate checklists.
    
    And of course, when is this due?
    
    And Notion has a built-in reminder function.
    
    So...
    
    That's how it's helpful for them.
    
    Next is...
    
    For my profile.
    
    Elevator pictures about yourself are very important because you'll never know.
    
    The person you're talking to might be the doorway to your next opportunity.
    
    So for that, I've created a my profile page.
    
    Made an origin story page.
    
    Super important.
    
    To help people make an identifier or a marker about who you are.
    
    And then, of course, you've got your essays and achievements in one view.
    
    So we've got foundational essays.
    
    Okay.
    
    Now heading on to the achievements part.
    
    Achievement tracking.
    
    Now, what kind of achievements do you even need?
    
    So my Notion template includes a few examples.
    
    And not just any examples that talk about, hey, personal achievements.
    
    But then they actually give you examples to work with.
    
    So you know how to phrase it and what actually should be done.
    
    But in case you don't, well, here's where AI comes in.
    
    I have built a web app integrated in Notion.
    
    So it's all in one platform.
    
    The experience is good.
    
    But here you have an achievement resume bullet point generator.
    
    And this is very helpful for them because it utilizes the principle of the whole is greater than its parts.
    
    And what we do is we really break down what an achievement is.
    
    And then help have users or in this case, inspiring college students just take the time to answer a few questions.
    
    One-liner responses even.
    
    What specific goal or task did you complete?
    
    Can you quantify your results?
    
    So they can always put everything in this box.
    
    They shake this magic box of AI and then AI generates a bullet point.
    
    And then you can start tracking everything.
    
    But academic excellence, extracurricular leadership.
    
    You can even view all your achievements if you want to.
    
    Because this one only shows you the top 10 most recent ones.
    
    And the best part is it works in English or Visaya.
    
    I've had the mayor of my city try it out for his Visayan and captured it.
    
    Sebuano works.
    
    I have to add that in.
    
    Thank you.
    
    Yeah, and then I just have to emphasize that you could use Cebuano Visayan, even a dialect within Filipino, to respond and it will understand you.
    
    Convert that of English or whatever language for that reason.
    
    Similar thing with essays.
    
    Where do I start with essays?
    
    Well, I've also listed the top most common essays to help you just get started with writing essays.
    
    And the best part is these two merge.
    
    So sure, you have your essay templates of tell us about you.
    
    How are you unique?
    
    Tell us about a time you failed.
    
    So from those essays, from the creation of these, you can then head down below.
    
    And once you've finished your foundational essays, you can quickly just paste in a question from a scholarship.
    
    And then it finds the relevant essays and achievements for you.
    
    And then you can use that since you have a lot of stories to choose.
    
    And because agency is important here, we still want people to be able to choose how they want to frame themselves.
    
    Because sure, AI has limited context.
    
    So that is that.
    
    And now we can, that was super essays.
    
    And now we can talk about the practice bots, practice bots.
    
    So yeah, it is an all-in-one platform.
    
    It has a requirements checklist, certificate of good moral, application tracker, and a view all scholarship if you just want to see the scholarship.
    
    And now let's head to the practice bots.
    
    This is where the SAT pain point is dealt with.
    
    But I have two practice bots, Mathieu and Fluent.
    
    Mathieu essentially being a math tutor.
    
    On one hand, a math tutor that tailors math problems to your interests.
    
    Ooh, maybe I could ask like, Judge, what do you like?
    
    Then on one hand, on the other hand is a set of tools, namely Calculators from Scientific, the Matrix, and Graphic, to Code Interpreters if you're more comfortable in working with Python, and even a Sketchpad if you want to get, like, if you want to just draw it out.
    
    And so this is really meant to be like your buddy when you're going through math problems.
    
    Next is a communication practice bot.
    
    It helps you for speaking fluent English, so that's why it's called fluent.
    
    Speaking practice.
    
    And so fluent is also thought out because it starts off with a prompt.
    
    Let's consider.
    
    What are the potentials inside?
    
    What are the philosophical?
    
    What are the ethical considerations of mind uploading and digital consciousness?
    
    What are the thoughts that you're going through?
    
    What are the thoughts that you're going through?
    
    What are the thoughts that you're going through?
    
    What are the thoughts that you're going through?
    
    What are the thoughts that you're going through?
    
    What are the thoughts that you're going through?
    
    What are the thoughts that you're going through?
    
    So it really gives you stuff that you could...
    
    It's not just vague advice.
    
    It's specific solid steps towards a better you.
    
    And then some miscellaneous steps is I've also made an onboarding platform to really help people.
    
    Because there's a lot.
    
    Admittedly, it's a lot.
    
    But here we have an onboarding section to really help them.
    
    And there's like in multiple languages.
    
    We can do it in multiple languages.
    
    Then it tells you what Badaian Ko is.
    
    And to get you started, I even added a form where you just put in like, you know, put your name in and everything else.
    
    And then after that, we give you a gift.
    
    That is your origin story, which you could always change later on.
    
    And scholarship match with an algorithm very similar to YouTube's recommender algorithm.
    
    And so based on your profile, it starts you.
    
    It gives you a scholarship match.
    
    You can definitely can clear the fluff and get straight to applying to the scholarship that you want or working on it at least.
    
    And then there's a guided exploration.
    
    Explore the scholarship list.
    
    And then there's a lot of different ways.
    
    So, you can also learn how to filter opportunities you want.
    
    Debate and be a better communicator with Fluent.
    
    And play with Matthew.
    
    Once you're done, you just go there until you finish it.
    
    And then you're ready to use Badaian Ko.
    
    So, back to home.
    
    And so that's that so far.
    
    Those are the solutions.
    
    Whew, that was long.
    
    And let's do key metrics now.
    
    Represent, that represent how business is doing.
    
    What I can personally see to it to make sure they're doing well.
    
    Number one would be the number of students using this, of course.
    
    And number two is maybe, I don't know if it's a ratio.
    
    No, that would be very unpromising.
    
    But let's say, yeah, let's set a criteria.
    
    Once they've finished onboarding, what is the likelihood of those people that finished onboarding to receive a scholarship, local or international?
    
    And number two is like, how are schools doing?
    
    Or maybe we could even go to the number of achievements generated.
    
    And by tracking generated, we can like only verify that it's in the notion, you know, everyone could just prototype and speak out something they want to test and then not put it in the notion template.
    
    So the notion template is an indicator that they actually used it.
    
    And for other key metrics, yeah, what are some other examples?
    
    A blog, posting a blog entry with you.
    
    Key action users that take maps to revenue or retention.
    
    Yeah, number of new users or just month over month.
    
    Not familiar with that.
    
    So next is the unique value proposition.
    
    Profile matching.
    
    Focused AI prompting.
    
    You could always choose chat GPT, but then you'd have to do all these back and forth.
    
    And then it's a platform.
    
    It's a, it's a platform that integrates your data, which by the way is on a secure level.
    
    So it's on the same security level as Google drives, SOC type two.
    
    So not even we can access it.
    
    And since you're using a general purpose large language model, which is Gemini, we don't have access to your response.
    
    Because by nature, notion templates are meant to be yours.
    
    And other than that is like, yeah.
    
    Lots of the, again, lots of the debate practice bots are structured and a lot of math tutors are just there to dumb down the problem for you, but they don't actually.
    
    As a psychologist, I think as somebody practicing neuroscience, I think that intrinsic motivation really is the key here.
    
    And it's easy to integrate with your school.
    
    We still, let's talk to them.
    
    What is the product's tagline or primary reason you're different than worth buying for unique value proposition?
    
    We use an AI that knows you, but it's out of our hands.
    
    If that makes sense.
    
    Our unique and aware internet interested prospect.
    
    Yep.
    
    Helping Filipino high school students get scholarships from start to finish.
    
    It's the hand holding that's unique for us.
    
    So high level concept X to Y analogy.
    
    It's like LinkedIn, but for scholarships.
    
    If LinkedIn was AI powered.
    
    And then unfair advantages.
    
    I think I've already talked about that.
    
    We could use the same as UPP because I initially misunderstood what UPP was.
    
    And channels, my channels to the customer.
    
    It would be the teacher influencers, a growing trend in the Philippines.
    
    And success stories like current scholarship students.
    
    Because they know how it feels to not have assistance.
    
    And then social media, obviously.
    
    And then maybe I could even do some outreach program, direct marketing, you know, visit schools, demo the project out.
    
    There's a lot of success stories.
    
    And then customer segments.
    
    Well, I have two because number one is.
    
    Yep.
    
    High school students.
    
    They need to prepare as early as possible and increase their chances of getting a scholarship.
    
    Second is schools. schools.
    
    They want their school.
    
    They want to be perceived as someone who is.
    
    Who is like a successful school generating tons of scholars.
    
    So it's good for them.
    
    And.
    
    Maybe even the government, because we want the Philippines to, you know, education is the key to everything.
    
    So maybe even the Department of Education, since the Philippines is largely public school publicly funded.
    
    Maybe we can also have that.
    
    And then we're almost done.
    
    So now we're going to talk about no early adopters still under customer segments, but early adopters.
    
    An ideal characteristic of early adopters would be someone driven, no matter the language.
    
    And.
    
    Someone who wants to try out new things or I don't know.
    
    It's too hard to model someone.
    
    Like me.
    
    But customers or parents who know the value of education.
    
    And yeah, maybe even those crazy moms who do everything like getting common, you know, everybody knows that common is KU M O N in Philippines at least.
    
    So maybe we can even take advantage of parents who want their child to succeed.
    
    Who doesn't.
    
    And now I'm going to be talking about.
    
    Cost structure.
    
    So.
    
    List.
    
    I'm going to list out my fixed costs.
    
    I'm not sure what that entails, but let's say cloud computing expenses.
    
    There's like cloud run their speech to text.
    
    There's text to speech.
    
    There's large language model.
    
    There's a notion API.
    
    There's.
    
    There's the cloud functions database.
    
    Of course.
    
    The notion.
    
    Yeah.
    
    Notion.
    
    And. the cloud functions database of course the notion notion and uh really can't see my why can't i see anything flows there we are so what do i have notion gemini facebook api embeddings yeah chat gpt or gemini again for vector embeddings and cloud functions it's like a background process then we also have um yeah it's pretty much it oh wait never mind for matthew yeah cloud run for web hosting chirp up transcription synthesize transcript text to speech and salaries let's say salaries for marketing team salaries for partnerships for the team managing and processing donations for the team who are keeping the scholarship database updated labor needed to build and maintain the website i can do that so maybe not that much of a salary for myself i can live on noodles anyway let's go to revenue streams okay revenue streams so we do monthly subscriptions with b2b schools same with consumers there's always a free but uh free version because this is a social good startup after all but for processes that are computationally expensive like practice bots and super essay where it really reads all of your stuff before and decides uses a lot of data and energy to decide which is to blend all that together maybe i need more um help with that so maybe that's how i differentiate the pro version for b2c and for the government yeah it's really just um clock blocking no why did i use that term it's really just more of gate gate kept content and i'm not sure how it goes maybe university partnerships that's one moms like common business model that's another one third would be um individual buyers that would fall under mom government contracts if they wanted to run through a certain amount of debt at schools but then here's the kicker we don't really have to limit this to the philippines this could be a model adopted around the world because sure the us has common app but do they have tools that make common app that make applying easier and then in the future i do not know what backup envelope number for lifetime values cross margin gross margin break even point revenue model and all that jazz is all i know is i want to pursue the t tam sam song and just be very clear about their pricing tamsamsam song projected total revenue annually um and be very clear about my my pricing model so there's that and i guess to just finish it up like maybe i could also hype them up with future plans like some universities prefer if you're an applicant of padayan because you're like naturally an underserved community or this we could make a sister company that focuses on job application after they've finished make the transition easy and intuitive and seamless and honestly a no-brainer because once you're done it has all your information as well so you could start go start job hunting which the economy is encouraging everyone to do right now anyway that's all the information i have let me know what you think