# Scholarship Name1

For which major or course?: Any and/or All Courses
Who can apply?: All Students
What do I get?: Forgiven Loans
Until when can I apply?: August 9, 2024
Save for Later?: No
Status: Not started

### Where can I apply?

[Megaworld Foundation, Inc.](https://www.megaworldfoundation.com/scholarship_program)

Click this website to apply ↑ Read below **first** for details

Working on this? 

Finished Applying?

Not interested?

# **Table of contents**

## What do I get?

> PHP 25,000.00
> 
- Full tuition fee coverage
- Allowances accessible via Megaworld Foundation-issued ATM cards
- Participation in volunteerism activities and seminars
- Career opportunities with Megaworld, its subsidiaries, and affiliates after graduation

## Who can apply for this?

**Incoming freshmen with:**

- A final grade report in senior high school with at least an 85% average and at least 80% in all subjects
- A passing result from a university entrance exam, letter of admission, or certificate of enrollment
- (If available) A certificate of upper 10% class ranking of the graduating batch

**Incoming sophomores and juniors with:**

- All grade reports from previous semesters with at least an 85% GPA and at least 80% in all subjects
- A full load enrollment assessment/registration form with class schedule
- Complete and most updated course curriculum

## What do I need to prepare?

If you need the same documents multiple times, add them in  for easy access.

- [x]  Final grade report
- [x]  University entrance exam result/letter of admission/certificate of enrollment
- [x]  Certificate of upper 10% class ranking
- [ ]  Grade reports from previous semesters
- [ ]  Enrollment assessment/registration form
- [ ]  Course curriculum
- [ ]  Income Tax Return/BIR Tax Exemption Certificate/Affidavit of Non-filing of Income Tax
- [ ]  Birth certificate
- [ ]  Endorsement letter
- [ ]  Utility bills
- [ ]  2X2 ID pictures
- [ ]  1X1 ID pictures
- [ ]  Photograph of applicant with family/guardian

## When is this due?

August 1, 2024