# DEF Scholarship

For which major or course?: Finance
Who can apply?: Undergraduates (after SHS)
What do I get?: Monthly Allowance
Until when can I apply?: July 31, 2024 → August 6, 2024
Save for Later?: No
Essays Submitted: Sample — Why Do You Want to Study/Pursue [X]? (../../../../Essays%20e84d7cb5ddf943bcb013bc3ece658fb7/Foundational%20Essays%209888ece6c0924e5c923918b1a81766d6/Sample%20%E2%80%94%20Why%20Do%20You%20Want%20to%20Study%20Pursue%20%5BX%5D%204cfafe253e884c3c8fb8163e14f12b26.md)
Status: In progress

> DEF Scholarship offers $2,500 for underrepresented minority high school seniors entering STEM fields. Applicants need a 3.5 GPA and leadership in community service. Deadline: May 1st.
> 

### Where can I apply?

[Megaworld Foundation, Inc.](https://www.megaworldfoundation.com/scholarship_program)

Click this website to apply ↑ Read below **first** for details

Working on this? 

Finished Applying?

Not interested?

# **Table of contents**

## What do I get?

> PHP 25,000.00
> 
- Full tuition fee coverage
- Allowances accessible via Megaworld Foundation-issued ATM cards
- Participation in volunteerism activities and seminars
- Career opportunities with Megaworld, its subsidiaries, and affiliates after graduation

## Who can apply for this?

**Incoming freshmen with:**

- A final grade report in senior high school with at least an 85% average and at least 80% in all subjects
- A passing result from a university entrance exam, letter of admission, or certificate of enrollment
- (If available) A certificate of upper 10% class ranking of the graduating batch

**Incoming sophomores and juniors with:**

- All grade reports from previous semesters with at least an 85% GPA and at least 80% in all subjects
- A full load enrollment assessment/registration form with class schedule
- Complete and most updated course curriculum

## What do I need to prepare?

If you need the same documents multiple times, add them in  for easy access.

- [x]  Final grade report
- [x]  University entrance exam result/letter of admission/certificate of enrollment
- [x]  Certificate of upper 10% class ranking
- [ ]  Grade reports from previous semesters
- [ ]  Enrollment assessment/registration form
- [ ]  Course curriculum
- [ ]  Income Tax Return/BIR Tax Exemption Certificate/Affidavit of Non-filing of Income Tax
- [ ]  Birth certificate
- [ ]  Endorsement letter
- [ ]  Utility bills
- [ ]  2X2 ID pictures
- [ ]  1X1 ID pictures
- [ ]  Photograph of applicant with family/guardian

## When is this due?

August 1, 2024